Race: Half-Orc
Birthplace: Kathmandu, Nepal
Current Age: 30
Charisma: -1 (-5)
Parents: Trisha and Dharmaveer
Relationship with Mother: Your relationship was indifferent. She is alive, but doing poorly due to injury / finances / relationship.
Relationship with father: Neutral Half-Orc Ranger that works as an Explorer/Wanderer. Your relationship was friendly. He is alive and well.
Siblings: 11
Younger sibling. Susannah, Lawful Neutral Human Druid that works as a Sailor. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and quite successful.
Older sibling. Ratankar, Neutral Half-Orc Bard that works as an Artisan. Your relationship was friendly. He is alive and quite successful.
Older sibling. Sutha, Neutral Good Half-Orc Barbarian that works as an Adventurer. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and well.
Older sibling. Huru, Neutral Half-Orc Rogue that works as an Artisan. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and well.
Same age. Arha, Neutral Half-Orc Druid that works as an Artisan. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and quite successful.
Older sibling. Lagazi, Neutral Good Half-Orc Rogue that works as a Farmer. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and well.
Younger sibling. Gaaki, Neutral Half-Orc Bard that works as an Artisan. Your relationship was friendly. She is alive and infamous.
Older sibling. Baaz, Neutral Good Half-Orc Fighter that works as a Farmer. Your relationship was friendly. He is alive and well.
Younger sibling. Rrath, Neutral Good Half-Orc Cleric that works as an Explorer/Wanderer. Your relationship was friendly. He is alive and well.
Younger sibling. Peter, Neutral Good Human Warlock that works as an Artisan. Your relationship was friendly. He is alive, but doing poorly due to injury / finances / relationship.
Younger sibling. Olrosh, Neutral Good Half-Orc Paladin that works as a Merchant. Your relationship was friendly. He is missing.

Family: You were raised by your mother. Your father was enslaved.
Lifestyle: Poor to Modest. Grew up in a rundown shack and later in the slums of the town. Started small crimes like stealing bread and dealing with banned substances
Childhood: You had a few close friends and lived an ordinary childhood.
Background: Criminal
Motivation: You left home and found a place in a thieves' guild or some other criminal organization.
Class: Barbarian
Origin: You were struck by lightning and lived. Afterward, you found a new strength within you that let you push beyond your limitations.

Lifestyle: A righteous half-orc that would like to bring justice and smack down on the villains. Wouldn't spare the bandits, dacoits, murderers or harassers.
Anything fake angers Yara the most.
Is affectionate with animals and innocent beings around esp. Gnomes.
Spent time working as a criminal, later as a bounty hunter and has active enemies. 

Yara is actively involved in:
Righteous Fighters 
Criminally Chaotic 
Strong Lava Generators

Yara loves classic Barbarian wine and collects castrated male parts as a souvenier or her bad people punishments 
She is proficient at castration of bad humans





